what is that guy's G semester here and
welcome to SN number 18 of through the
leaks and firstly we're coming is a
prayer meeting which has got a child
Adam and some other random players and
ever goes to got some good players and
so we did take the lead with Aoki strike
and I didn't know who it was at first
because the repackaging came in straight
away but it was key and then to Perez he
is that they're in san jo as one of the
best gold squid CDMS on the game hey dev
see incredible and if you not tried him
I think he's like two thousand coins so
if you have a buck he's probably silver
squad I believe it fit him very well and
the same with tete-a-tete is a bit more
expensive i'd say about eighty thousand
coins ever he himself is also a goal
scoring machine from sin defensive mid
at the first result they got actually
quits a half time I was quite surprised
but we think it really feel Bosley I
would bring in this annual klein klein
is a really good play on this game and
that means we only have one right back
left to go through before the lock in
stage and we also get rid of upgrading
of LA and we bring in sender us instead
I thought that I got done this just
before the upgrades of the new silvers
and bronzes so if our only prayer league
ones you'd like me to do I'll use make
sure drop them in the comments player i
think it's like there's not really that
many pro league cons I don't think and
feels like Jonjo Shelvey who i don't
think i'll use em and that's basically
but if only you would like to see me use
a comment below and that is the question
of the day what football club do you
support i wanna see a lots of comments
this episode guys like my I support
Liverpool I think my she already know
that and then this game rich coming out
wit he has a pistol hi ruff Karen brat
she was a BS could tear and Falcao up
front and Suarez does Inc wise there and
I was taken 18 minutes ago but I care
taking these long shots and they were
dipping all the time and I didn't rise
this why that that give a shot in on
this game but luckily for me he did and
that's a good save there from his goal
key but i think it was Marchetti if I'm
correct and Papiss Cisse shows like very
good nicer a bit of acceleration there
and hammers it home that is actually to
be quite decent player and previously
though he was a bit of a struggle to
play with and but this is a quite nice
go I'd say well i think i keep getting
away like move bitch and finally he did
at least a finish it
left foot and he's quite to food
actually and to finish things off Suarez
with a really really weird goal there
and I done all his gold key was that
actually I think he had didn't have much
it you had a Tim vice for something and
but there's another win and that means
to a tattoo and we bring in there and
beer who is extremely good sent them
back on this game from Cameroon and from
QPR but he's got very good pasting we
get rid of the end of tunnel as well and
we bring in foreign this is the transfer
version to Southampton and them a little
sneak peek might imagine mode here's a
goddamn manager modem really good and I
we also bring in David silver so a big
big name hey ray player and finally
bringing Fernando Torres air so we are
starting in the big guns now I mean
we've got an 84 where a player 88 and an
80 another 84 I think and this guy has
ballot is a man city team and basically
as got cliche and make of Richard's at
right center backs and we didn't lead
very early on free luis suarez whose be
very very good for me but I just shortly
after 30 minutes in Tevez equalizes
through some poor defending on my part a
mashed it easy sneakers waste through
the air little Argentinean and but this
is a quite nice bit of player Torres a
straight to key and the key played it to
Cissokho who finishes that really nicely
and his I'm not trying to inform yet but
his normal is very good but key that is
one hell of a strike good save by joe
hart and like i said that skeezer one of
his main abilities but i think you can
see just like just underneath so i said
that was key with the yellow boots he is
a very attacking player and so I'd
recommend if you use him i would go with
a very very defensive CDM partner and
not sure why bit doesn't seem to not be
much of a problem of me and turns out
good you are a defendant that's not
float my boat away by the way I'm not
very good Brendan and this is tetas is
fine a bit like there but will show
repaid great bull from David Silva and
look at this for volley from a CDM that
is just insane and that is a 4-2 win and
there's three wins out of three and we
replace Nathaniel kind of a final right
back of this series before locking that
is Rafael and and we also give it a
foreign after one game actually enjoyed
using them but we are gaps to get rid of
some players and we have might scale I
had a choice for booty with it air
between him and the almighty one it
could have been carragher but we I went
for the scale and they
I've done why she callin that big
universe is ok and we bring in a current
member who we bring in bringing aaron
ramsey and so I didn't know who teases
Arsenal's can because I've already used
podolsky I could have used walk quite in
form but I found him after I'm
gonna lie Walcott's influence finishing
is terrible and because I got a few
things as always to run across tree and
would you like some live episodes this
doesn't mean live stream this means like
live commentary as I want to do some
live comment live comment and there I
think it'd be pretty cool to pretty cool
to do to be honest em lemme know in the
comments below and also would like to I
keep mentioning about doing live com
series so I could also do a head-to-head
series and there's all live com because
I actually love in head-to-head caesars
at the moment and also start to do some
virgin gaming Oh ganser at in a future
episode and then finally and we do some
giveaways but they can be implemented
into my videos such as there if you guys
like the video stuff via entered blah
blah or you comment I don't know there
will be different there different things
but that was a decision that I
got through and he gave the free kick to
the first one after me take down our
thinkers in the area and key again pops
up and they get to go why what player he
is and we get other one to put us ahead
with Fernando Torres it's God's gets was
actually slightly cocky I'd say and and
then the approaching full time we scored
mines go and that rounds things off for
another 42 when we keep getting four
goals and so means more changes or
changes girl already and finally guys if
this could reach 1,000 likes there'll be
another episode tomorrow but hopefully
i'll get another video today hopefully a
upgraded delfay review so thankful today
guys if you could drop like that'd be
awesome if you can subscribe that'd be
great and actually quick run over the
final fewer changes key has to go as we
haven't moved one another for a long
long time and but we replace him with
their Espinosa the transfer guy to Wigan
and then we had to have one more change
after this that's ramsey ramsay is going
and we can replace him with Peter Crouch
I don't know why we got Krajcik can big
man and finally we're gonna lock in our
right back this is what it's good look
like guys so I'm gonna look Myka riches
it as is it here's my favorite choice
and there is the lock inside guys so
take possibly picture like Peter scribe
and I will see you guys next time